Hello dear channel subscribers
special equipment from 39 today we are with you
object and equal wheel excavator
loader
not uprooted
produced here
Russian land plot for future development
preparing it for this pre were
cut down
long trees and now with the help
forklift loafing up
rear boom using digger
new bucket with tines
backhoe loader
digs up the group in it pretty
heavy soil you see clay also he
very moist area there
bars are small which complicate
work after all and how hard
clay is hard digging
the excavator is also not alone
penny right away and the whole group therefore
quite difficult this job even
such a powerful excavator in g itself super
earth
roots remain in order to free
it was not possible then to pull out
the cudgel to all tear off the roots in the ground
you see that
day now
significant points that I almost
nothing earth holds
now excavator will try it
choose see what's where there was
cop she literally 10 minutes ago already
plucked up the water so pretty
hard for Fedor
I'll try to pull someone out
difficult is this business
stir
I go bye
technique to make another attempt
we observe her